20_2 TreeList Form Editing: rewrite (#758)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeList/FormEditing/description.md

> TreeList can use the [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component to arrange cell editors when users modify a row. Users can edit values in [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#visible) and hidden columns.

Reviewer: From what I understand, the editors on the Form allow users to modify values both in visible and hidden columns. However, the second sentence here does not convey this idea clearly enough. Right now to me it sounds like users always can edit all kinds of columns. Please take another look at this paragraph. You most likely can come up with something better.

> The TreeList can use the [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component to arrange cell editors when users modify a row. The Form allows users to edit values from both [visible and hidden](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#visible) columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TreeList can use the [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) component to arrange cell editors when users modify a row. The Form allows users to edit values from [visible and hidden](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#visible) columns.
```

To use the Form as the row editor UI, specify the following properties:
- **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"form"*
- **editing**.[allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating) to **true**

> A column's default editor is defined automatically based on this column's [dataType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#dataType). To customize this editor or replace it with another editor, use the column's [formItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#formItem) object. Refer to the [SimpleItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/) help topic for information on settings that you can define in the **formItem** object.

Reviewer 3: Two sentences in a row end with the same phrase.

```suggestion
A column's default editor is defined automatically based on this column's [dataType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#dataType). To customize this editor or replace it with another editor, use the column's [formItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#formItem) object. For information on settings that you can define in the **formItem** object, refer to the [SimpleItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/) help topic.
```

> You can also set up the edit Form from scratch. The component's [configuration section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) lists available settings. Specify these settings in the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#form) object. Refer to this object's description for information about form edit mode's limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up the edit Form from scratch. The component's [configuration section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) lists available settings. Specify these settings in the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#form) object. Refer to this object's description for information about form edit mode limitations.
```

> You can also set up the edit Form from scratch. The component's [configuration section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) lists available settings. Specify these settings in the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#form) object. Refer to this object's description for more information about this edit mode's limitations.

Reviewer 3: No information about the limitations has been given yet.

```suggestion
You can also set up the edit Form from scratch. The component's [configuration section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/) lists available settings. Specify these settings in the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#form) object. Refer to this object's description for information about form edit mode's limitations.
```

> This demo uses form editing mode and illustrates the following event handlers:

Reviewer 4: I think its is quite obvious:

```suggestion
This demo also illustrates the following event handlers:
```

- [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow)        

> Populates form editors of a new row with default values. In this demo, **onInitNewRow** sets John Heart as the initial Head for new rows.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Populates form editors of a new row with default values. In this demo, **onInitNewRow** sets *"John Heart"* as the initial `Head` for new rows.
```

- [onEditorPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onEditorPreparing)         

> Customizes form editors. In this demo, this handler disallows users to edit the `Head` value of John Heart.

Reviewer: **dis**allows is a negative statement. It's better to choose a word that does not require negation to convey the same idea.

```suggestion
Customizes form editors. In this demo, this handler forbids users to edit the `Head` value of John Heart.
```

> Customizes form editors. In this demo, this handler disallows users to edit the Head value of John Heart.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Customizes form editors. In this demo, this handler disallows users to edit the `Head` value of John Heart.
```
